---
title: Appearance
help_section: Personalisation
weight: 10
type: Document
permalink: /help/personalisation/appearance/
lang: en
---

## Change background wallpaper

You can use custom wallpapers on your desktop to personalize your FydeOS.

1. Download a picture (.png or .jpg) you want to set as wallpaper from the Internet (if you have not downloaded it yet).
2. Click "Application Launcher" in the lower left corner, and then click the up arrow.
3. Click the "File" icon.
4. Click "Download Content" in the left column.
5. Right-click the picture you want to set as wallpaper, and then click "Set Wallpaper".

## Change the screen color

To protect your eyes in a dimly lit environment, you can change the screen color. Using red tones at night can make the content on the screen more legible and help you fall asleep later.

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Under the "Device" option, select "Display".
4. Turn on "Night Mode".
5. Under the "Color Temperature" option, you can adjust the color.
6. Under the "Schedule Time" option, you can choose the time to change the screen color.

Tip: To quickly turn off night mode, select the time in the lower right corner, and then click the "night mode" icon.

## Set the date and time

When you connect to the network, FydeOS will automatically set the time. To change the date and time preferences, please follow these steps:

1. Log in to FydeOS.
2. Select the time in the lower right corner.
3. Select the "Settings" icon.
4. Under the "Device" option, select "Display".
5. Scroll down and select "Advanced".
6. Under the "Date and Time" option:
 - To manually select the time zone, please select: time zone-select from list-down arrow.
 - To switch to 24-hour clock, please turn on "Use 24-hour clock".
 - If you use a virtual private network, you can let FydeOS use Wi-Fi or data networks to find your location. To do this, choose in turn: Time zone - automatic setting — down arrow — determine location based on Wi-Fi or mobile network.

## Enable or disable notifications

By default, FydeOS will remind you whenever a website, application or extension wants to send you a notification. You can change this setting at any time.

Select the time in the lower right corner to see the "Notifications" option, and the number of recent notifications will be displayed below.

Click the "Notification" icon to enter the settings.

 - Turn on "Do Not Disturb" to disable all notifications.
 - You can set whether to accept notifications for each application. Checking before applying means enabling notifications, and not checking means disabling notifications.

## Lock or unlock the screen

If you plan to put down the FydeOS device to handle other things, we recommend that you lock the screen to further ensure security.

Two methods can be used to lock the screen:

- Keyboard shortcut `❖ / ⌘` + `L`.
- Select the time in the lower right corner, and then select the "lock" icon.

After a while, the screen will turn off.

To unlock the screen, please log in with your account password.

## Change how the mouse and trackpad work

You can click the trackpad to perform click operations or change the scroll direction. The specific method is as follows:

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Under the "Device" option, select "Mouse and Trackpad".
4. Change the way the mouse works:
 - Switch mouse main button
 - Turn reverse scrolling on or off
 - Adjust the moving speed of the mouse
5. Change the way the touchpad works:
 - Turn on or off tap and click
 - Turn on tap drag function
 - Adjust the speed of the touchpad
 - Choose the scroll type: Traditional (swipe up to move the page down) or Australia (swipe up to move the page up)
