---
title: Privacy
help_section: Personalisation
weight: 7
type: Document
permalink: /help/personalisation/privacy/
lang: en
---

## Share location

By default, FydeOS will ask you when the website tries to obtain your location information. To allow the website to know where you are, select Allow. Of course, before sharing your location information, it is recommended to check the privacy policy of the corresponding website.

You can refer to the following steps to change the default location information settings:
1. Open the Chromium browser.
2. Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner and select "Settings".
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Privacy Settings and Security" option, click "Content Settings".
5. Click "Location".
6. Turn on or off "Ask before using".

## Manage warnings about unsafe websites

By default, phishing and malware detection are turned on. After the function is turned on, you may see the following message. If you see any of the following messages, it is recommended not to visit the website.

- **The website you want to visit contains malware**: The website you are trying to visit may try to install bad software, that is, malware.
- **The website you want to visit is a deceptive website**: The website you are trying to visit may be a phishing website.
- **The website you want to visit contains harmful programs**: The website you are trying to visit may try to trick you into installing a program, and such programs will cause problems when browsing the web.
- **This page is trying to load scripts from unverified sources**: The website you are visiting is not secure.

**Please download carefully**: Some websites will try to trick you into downloading harmful software by reminding you that your device is infected with a virus. Please be careful not to download any harmful software.

You can visit the webpage where the system displays the warning, or you can use the system to download the warning file, but we do not recommend this practice.

If you don’t want to receive warnings about unsafe content, you can turn off reminders about deceptive and dangerous websites. Doing so will also turn off the download warning. We do not recommend that you turn off such reminders.

If you are willing to bear the consequences, you can refer to the following steps to close the reminder:

1. Open the Chromium browser.
2. Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner and select "Settings".
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Privacy Settings and Security" option, choose to turn off "Protect you and your device from dangerous websites".

## Choose privacy settings

You can use network services to improve your browsing experience. For example, when you enter a search term or website address in the address bar, the browser uses a web service to automatically complete the content.

By default, most of these settings are enabled. However, you can choose the settings you want to enable or disable.

1. Open the Chromium browser.
2. Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner and select "Settings".
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Privacy and Security" option, select the setting you want to turn off.
 - To control how the browser handles website content and permissions, click "Content Settings".
 - To delete browsing activity information (such as history, cookies, or saved passwords), click "Clear browsing data".

To understand each privacy setting option, please review the following list:

- **Use web services to help resolve navigation errors**: When unable to connect to the webpage you want to visit, this option can recommend you to other webpages similar to that webpage.
- **With the help of prediction services, you can automatically fill in unfinished search terms and URLs in the address bar**: The system will generate these suggestions based on relevant web searches, your browsing history, and popular websites. If your default search engine provides suggestions, the browser may send the text you entered in the address bar to the corresponding search engine.
- **Use the prediction service to load webpages faster**: The browser will use the IP address to load the webpage. When you visit a webpage, the browser can query the IP addresses of all links on the webpage and load the webpage that you might browse next. If you turn on this setting, even if you don’t open pre-loaded websites and any embedded content at all, these pre-loaded websites and embedded content can set and read their own cookies as if you had opened them.
- **Protect you and your device from dangerous websites**: When the browser detects that the website you want to visit may cause damage to the system, it will immediately issue a warning. When you visit a website, your browser will compare it with a list of known malicious websites stored on your computer.
- **Send "Do Not Track" request along with browsing traffic**: You can add "Do Not Track" request to browsing traffic. However, many websites still collect and use your browsing data and use it for the following purposes: to improve security, provide relevant content, services, advertisements and recommended content on their websites, and generate report statistics.
- **Allow the website to check whether you have saved the payment method**: If you have saved the payment method to the browser, you can let the browser use the saved information to fill out the form, so that you can experience the easier and faster way .
