---
title: User Management
help_section: Personalisation
weight: 9
type: Document
permalink: /help/personalisation/users/
lang: en
---

## Control who can use your FydeOS device

If your account is designated as the owner of the FydeOS device, then you can control who can log in to the device.

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Under the "Users" option, select "Manage other users".
4. You can choose to enable or disable guest browsing, you can choose to allow only some users to log in to the device, or you can choose to hide the account picture on the login screen.

## Change account picture

In the login screen, you can see the name and avatar of each account on FydeOS. You can choose to hide your account picture from the login screen, or you can change your account picture.

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Under the "User" option, click your current avatar.
4. Change the current avatar.
 - To take a picture, please select: "camera" icon - "photograph" icon - take a picture.
 - To shoot a short video, please select: "camera" icon - "camera" icon - "Start Recording" icon - start recording.
 - To upload your own photo, click the "File" icon and select a photo.

## Remove account from FydeOS

If a user no longer uses the FydeOS device frequently, you can remove the other party's account. The specific method is as follows:

1. On the login screen, tap the profile you want to remove.
2. Click the down arrow to the right of the user name.
3. Click "Remove this user".
4. In the dialog box that appears, click Remove this user.

## Change owner account

The owner account of the FydeOS device has additional permissions that other accounts do not have, such as time zone modification, login permissions, Wi-Fi network preferences, etc.

In general, the first user to create and log in to FydeOS on the FydeOS device is the owner.

At present, it is not possible to transfer owner permissions to other accounts. If you want to change the owner, you can refer to [the official website tutorial](https://faq.fydeos.com/en/recipes/powerwash/) to reset the current device and then use the The account to be set as the owner is reactivated.

Note that resetting will clear all user data, including but not limited to the installed browser plug-ins, Android programs, data in the download folder, and browser cache files and history. The result of this operation is irreversible after successful execution, please think twice.
