---
title: Operating system and browser
help_section: Personalisation
weight: 8
type: Document
permalink: /help/personalisation/os-setting/
lang: en
---

## Update FydeOS

After installing FydeOS on your hard drive, you can check for updates yourself by following these steps:

1. Log in to FydeOS and connect to Wi-Fi.
2. Open the Chromium browser.
3. Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner and select "About FydeOS".
4. Under the FydeOS icon, you can see the current operating system version. Click "Check for updates" to check for updates.
5. If an update is found, the download will start automatically.

## Clear browsing data

You can control your search history and other browsing data.

Need to delete all data, or only delete data within a certain period of time, you can refer to the following tutorial:

1. Open the Chromium browser.
2. Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner.
3. Select "More Tools" and then "Clear Browsing Data".
4. Select a time range, such as the past hour or unlimited time.
5. Select the type of information to be removed.
6. Click "Clear Data".

## Solve webpage crash and fix other webpage loading errors

If you see the error message "Oh, crash" or other error codes, but don't see the relevant webpage, it means that the browser encountered a problem while loading the webpage. You may also encounter situations where the webpage loads slowly or fails to open at all.

Normally, reload the page to fix the error. Click the "Reload" icon in the upper left corner.

If it still doesn't work, try the following steps:

1. Check the internet connection. Make sure your device is connected to a Wi-Fi network or a wired network.

2. Clear the cache. The browser may have stored information that prevents the browser from loading the webpage. Try to open the webpage using an incognito window. If the page can be opened normally, please refer to the tutorial above to clear the cache and cookies. Then, try to reload the wrong tab.

3. Close other tabs, extensions and applications. Your device may not have enough memory to load the website while running applications, extensions, and other programs. Try to close all tabs except the tab that displays this error message; quit other applications or programs that are running, and suspend all application or file download tasks; uninstall unnecessary extensions. Then, try to reload the wrong tab.

If it still doesn't work, try the following method again:

- Restart the computer. Programs or apps sometimes prevent webpages from loading, restart your device, and then try to reload the webpage.
- Update FydeOS. Follow the tutorial above to update FydeOS.

If other websites can be opened normally, and only one website crashes, the problem may be caused by the website. If you have tried all the methods above, you can post to [Chinese Community](https://community.fydeos.com/) for help.
