---
title: First boot
help_section: Getting started
weight: 2
type: Document
permalink: /help/getting-started/first-boot/
lang: en
---

After successfully installing FydeOS according to the official website tutorial, the first time you use it, you need to connect to the Internet to activate it. Please follow the steps below:

1. On the "Welcome" screen, select the desired language, accessibility features, and time zone in turn, and then click "Get Started."

2. Select the network to be connected and enter the password to connect to the network.

3. After reading the "FydeOS Software License Agreement" and "Agree", you can enter the "Create Your FydeOS Local Account" page. After entering the username and password you want to use in turn, click "Next".

4. Select the picture you like as your profile picture. If you don’t like the existing picture, you can also use the camera to take a new picture. Of course, the photos can still be modified after login. After clicking "OK", you can enter FydeOS.

5. After logging in for the first time, the system will automatically download the latest version of the support plug-in and required files from the FydeOS server. Please be patient. After the download is complete, these programs will be automatically installed, you can find them in the "application launcher".

6. (Optional) If you need to use the Android subsystem, open "FydeOS Android" and confirm the start after agreeing to the relevant agreement. In the "Security" option in the "Settings" interface, after opening "Allow installation of applications from unknown sources", you can download the apk and install it. It should be noted that the Android subsystem and Android related functions can only be adapted to Intel series graphics cards.

7. After setting, FydeOS will automatically display your account picture and all your settings, bookmarks, extensions, etc.
