---
title: Log in
help_section: Getting started
weight: 1
type: Document
permalink: /help/getting-started/login/
lang: en
---

After the first activation, FydeOS will remember the user you set, and you can directly enter the password to log in the next time you use it.

## Log out

When you need to switch accounts or let others use the hardware device you installed FydeOS on, you can log out of your current account as follows:

- Select the time in the lower right corner.
- Click "Exit".

## Add another user

If other people want to use the hardware device you installed FydeOS, you can add new users. The specific method is as follows:

- If you have logged into your FydeOS account, please log out.
- Click "Add User" at the bottom of the screen.
- Enter the user name and password, and then click "Next".
- Follow the prompts to add new users.

FydeOS will store all user information and files separately. Even if it is used on the same hardware device, it can only view the current user information and files, and use all network services through the current account.

## Use FydeOS as a guest

To use FydeOS without logging in, you can browse as a guest.

- If you are logged in to FydeOS, please log out first.
- Click "Browse as Guest" at the bottom.
- After use, select "Exit Guest Mode".

Note: The system will delete your files, cookies, website data and browsing activity records.

Guest mode will prevent the system from keeping a record of your browsing activity, but the following parties may still see your activity:

- The websites you visit, including advertisements and resources used on those websites
- Your employer, school or anyone who manages the network you use
- Your internet service provider

## Shut down FydeOS

To completely shut down the hardware device where FydeOS is installed, try one of the following methods:

- Select the time in the lower right corner, and then select the "power" icon.
- Select the time in the lower right corner, and then select "Exit" - "Shutdown".
- Press and hold the power button and hold it for 3 seconds.
- Press and hold the power button until you see Shutdown or exit the menu.
