---
title: Use touch screen
help_section: Tablet mode
weight: 1
type: Document
permalink: /help/tablet-mode/touchscreen/
lang: en
---

If your FydeOS device has a touch screen and is supported, you can perform the following operations on it:

- Click: Tap the area you want to click.
- Right-click: Tap and hold the area you want to right-click.
- Scroll: Drag your finger up / down / left / right.
- Return to the previous page in the browser: To return to the previous page, slide your finger from left to right. To advance to the next page, slide your finger from right to left.
- Zoom in or out: Touch and hold the corresponding area with two fingers.
- To perform the zoom-in operation, separate your fingers.
- To zoom out, pinch your fingers together.
- Open the launcher: slide your finger up from the app line at the bottom of the screen.
- Show your app line (task bar): slide your finger up from the bottom of the screen.
- Hide your application line (task bar): Long press the application line at the bottom of the screen.
- View two applications side by side: if all open windows are displayed on the screen, simply drag one application to the left or right to use the two applications side by side.

## Open and close windows and tabs
- Open a new window: Click the "More" icon in the upper right corner of the window and select "Open New Window".
- Open a new tab: Tap the + icon next to the opened tab.
- Close a window or tab: Swipe down from the top of the screen to view all open windows, and then slide a window down to close it.
- Reopen a closed window or tab: Tap and hold next to a tab at the top, then select "Reopen closed tab."

## View two windows at the same time
1. Swipe down from the top of the screen to view the window overview.
2. Drag a window you want to use to the left or right edge of the screen.
3. Tap another window you want to use.
4. To resize these two windows, drag the line in the center of the screen.
5. To undo the split screen, drag the line in the center of the split screen to either side. Tip: You can also touch and hold the "Overview" icon in the lower right corner.

## Rearrange, move or pin tabs

You can put related tabs together, or you can move a tab into or out of the window. In addition, if you often open a webpage, you can pin the tab to make it easier to find the tab.
- Rearrange tabs in the same window: drag the tabs to other locations along the top of the browser window.
- Move the tab to a new window: drag the relevant tab out of the window.
- Move the tab to another window: Use your finger to drag down from the top of the corresponding tab to split the tab into a new window. Then, drag this tab from the top of the new window to the top of the window you want to add to. When released, this tab will be merged with the existing window.
- Move tabs from one split-screen window to another split-screen window: when in split-screen state, drag the corresponding tabs out of the window, and then drag them to the top of the other half of the screen. You can add this tab to an existing window, or you can make it a new split-screen window.
- Pin tabs: Tap and hold the tab you want to pin to view the menu, then select pin tab. Fixed tabs will be displayed on the left side of the browser window and are smaller in size.

## Solve touch screen problems

If the touch screen does not work properly, try the following steps. After each step, please test the touch screen to see if it has returned to normal.
1. Wipe off the dust or stains on the touch screen.
2. Restart FydeOS.
3. Reset FydeOS.

If the above steps do not solve the problem, please post in [Chinese Community](https://community.fydeos.com/) for technical support.
