---
title: Setup printers
help_section: Printing
weight: 1
type: Document
permalink: /help/printing/set-up/
lang: en
---

You can use FydeOS to print with most printers connected to Wi-Fi or wired networks.

Note: If your printer is not connected to Wi-Fi or wired network, you can also use a USB cable to connect the printer directly to the FydeOS device.

## Step 1: Connect to the Internet

1. Turn on the printer.
2. Connect the printer to the network. If you need help, follow the instructions provided by the printer manufacturer.
3. Log in to FydeOS.
4. Connect the FydeOS device to the network where the printer is located.

Note that you can also use a USB cable to connect the printer to the FydeOS device and then print. With this approach, there is no need to connect to Wi-Fi after the printer is set up.

## Step 2: Add a printer to the FydeOS device
1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Print" option, select "Printer".
5. Select "Add Printer".
6. Select your printer from the list, and then select "Add". **Note**: If your printer is not displayed in the system, you can add the printer manually.
7. (Optional) If you see "Select printer manufacturer and model", please select your printer type.

## Add printer manually
If you click "Add Printer" and the system does not display your printer, you can also add the printer manually.

**Important Note**: You need to know the IP address, protocol and queue of the printer. To find this information, check the printer ’s display panel, manual, device specifications, or visit the help website.

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Print" option, select "Printer".
5. Select "Add Printer".
6. (Optional) To quickly add nearby printers, click "Add nearby printers". If you don't see your printer in the printer list, please choose to add it manually.
7. Enter your printer information:
 - Name: Enter any name.
 - Address: Enter the IP address of the printer.
 - Protocol: For most printers, the supported connection protocol is IPP.
 - Queue: For most printers, the queue is ipp / print.
8. Select "Add".
9. In the dialog box that appears, select your printer manufacturer and model.
 - To find this information, check the label on the printer.
 - If you don't see your printer in the list, please check your printer information for its "printer language" or "simulation situation", then select the most relevant "general" option.
 - If you have a printer driver, please click Browse to upload. The size of this file cannot exceed 250 KB.
10. Choose "Add".
