---
title: Use on-screen keyboard
help_section: Accessibility
weight: 2
type: Document
permalink: /help/accessiability/on-screen-keyboard/
lang: en
---

With FydeOS's on-screen keyboard, you can either enter or write text, or add pictures to files, documents, and emails.

## Open the on-screen keyboard
1. Log in to FydeOS.
2. Select the time in the lower right corner.
3. Click the "Settings" icon.
4. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
5. Under the "Accessibility" option, click "Manage Accessibility".
6. Click "Enable On-Screen Keyboard" under "Keyboard".

If your FydeOS device can be used as a tablet, then when you flip the screen of the FydeOS device from the hinge, the on-screen keyboard will automatically open.

## Use diacritic letters

If your default on-screen keyboard is an American keyboard, you will need to switch to another keyboard to enter letters with diacritics:
1. Open FydeOS's on-screen keyboard.
2. Click the "More" icon in the lower left corner. If the system only displays the American keyboard, then you need to add another keyboard language before you can perform the next operation.
3. In the bottom row of the on-screen keyboard, click "alt gr".
4. Tap the letter with diacritics you want to enter.

## Use voice to enter text

1. Tap where you want to enter text.
2. Open the FydeOS on-screen keyboard.
3. Click the "microphone" icon in the upper right corner of the on-screen keyboard.
4. If you are performing this operation for the first time, the system will display a message explaining to you how this function works. To turn on the microphone, click "Got it."
5. When the "microphone" icon turns blue, say what you want to enter.
6. (Optional) To delete what you said last, click "Delete".

If what you say is not displayed on the page, try the following steps:
1. If you are using an external microphone, make sure that it is fully plugged in, not muted, and that it uses the latest version of the software.
2. If other programs are open on your FydeOS, please make sure that none of the programs are using the microphone.
3. Select the time in the lower right corner, and then click the icon next to the volume slider. If there are multiple microphone inputs listed, make sure that the correct input is selected.

## Insert emoji or other pictures

To insert emojis in documents, emails, and chat sessions, follow these steps:
1. Open FydeOS's on-screen keyboard.
2. Click the "More" icon in the lower left corner.
3. Click the "Emoji" icon.
4. Tap the emoji or graphic you want to insert.

## Handwritten text
1. Tap any text box to display the on-screen keyboard.
2. Click the "Handwriting" icon.
3. In the panel that is displayed immediately, use your finger or touch screen stylus to write text.

## Swipe input

You can swipe between letters to enter words.

**NOTE**: This feature is only available on devices that support tablet mode, and this feature is only available for US English keyboards. If you enable the on-screen keyboard in the "Accessibility" setting, you cannot use this feature.

1. To turn on the on-screen keyboard, flip the screen of the FydeOS device from the hinge.
2. Tap where you want to enter.
3. Use your finger to slide over the letters of the word you want to enter.
4. After entering the word, remove your finger.
5. You don't need to click the space bar. When you remove your finger, the system will automatically add spaces.
6. (Optional) To change a word, tap the word to see other options.

The system will automatically enable the glide input function. To turn off this feature, please follow these steps:
1. Click the "More" icon on the on-screen keyboard.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
3. Click the down arrow next to "Input Method".
4. Click the "Open New Tab" icon next to "American Keyboard".
5. Uncheck the checkbox corresponding to "Enable glide input function".

## Adjust on-screen keyboard settings
1. Open FydeOS's on-screen keyboard.
2. Tap or click the "More" icon in the lower left corner.
3. Click the "Settings" icon.
4. Click the down arrow under "Input Method".
5. Click the "Open New Tab" icon next to "American Keyboard".
6. Determine the setting to change:
 - Enable / disable key tone.
 - Set the desired degree of automatic correction.
 - Clear all the changes you have made to the dictionary.
 - Enable / disable automatic capitalization.
 - Choose whether to let the system automatically add a period when you double-click the space bar.

## Close the on-screen keyboard
1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
4. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
5. Under the "Accessibility" option, click "Manage Accessibility".
6. Turn off "Enable On-Screen Keyboard" under the "Keyboard" option.
