---
title: Use built-in screen reader
help_section: Accessibility
weight: 3
type: Document
permalink: /help/accessiability/chromevox/
lang: en
---

Fydeos has a built-in screen reader called ChromeVox, which helps visually impaired people use FydeOS.

## Turn on / off screen reader
You can turn on / off ChromeVox on any webpage, just press `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `z`.

In tablet mode, you can press and hold the volume down button and volume up button simultaneously for 5 seconds. When you hold down these two buttons, the system will beep to start running. As long as you continue to hold down these buttons, ChromeVox will start talking.

## Change language

When you open ChromeVox for the first time, it will automatically select the voice according to the language you have selected for Fydeos. If you need to change the language, you can refer to the following operations:
1. Hold down `❖ / ⌘`, then press the letter key `o` twice.
2. In the "Voice" section, your default language will be displayed on the button label.
3. Choose another language from the list. The system will read the new language you selected.
4. After completing the above operations, press `Ctrl` + `w`.

Need to slow down or speed up speech feedback, or pause speech feedback:
- Slow down the speaking rate: `❖ / ⌘` + `Shift` + `[` (left square bracket)
- Speed ​​up speech: `❖ / ⌘` + `[` (left square bracket)
- Pause voice feedback: `Ctrl`

The tone of ChromeVox voice needs to be adjusted:
- Turn up the audio: `❖ / ⌘` + `]` (right square bracket)
- Turn down the audio: `❖ / ⌘` + `Shift` + `]` (right square bracket)

## Use ChromeVox keyboard shortcuts

For ChromeVox keyboard shortcuts, please refer to [this tutorial](https://faq.fydeos.com/en/recipes/keyboard-shortcuts/).

If you do not want to press the search key when you enter each shortcut key, you can quickly press the search key twice. When you hear the voice prompt "Sticky mode is enabled", it means that the search key has been pressed and held. The search key will remain pressed until you double-click the search key again.

To stop holding down the search key, press the search key twice again. ChromeVox will give out the voice prompt "sticky mode disabled".
