---
title: Zoom in the screen
help_section: Accessibility
weight: 4
type: Document
permalink: /help/accessiability/screen/
lang: en
---

To see the contents of the FydeOS device screen more clearly, you can change the screen resolution or enlarge the screen.

## Zoom in / out page
You can zoom in / out the webpage you are browsing while keeping the content of other parts of the screen unchanged.

- Enlarge the page: Press `Ctrl` + `+` at the same time.
- Zoom out the page: Press `Ctrl` + `-` at the same time.
- Reset zoom level: Press `Ctrl` + `0` at the same time.

You can also choose to enlarge all web pages or change the font size.

## Zoom in / out everything on the screen

You can zoom in / out everything on the screen (including app lines and labels), just change the screen resolution of the FydeOS device:
- Enlarge the content on the screen (reduce the resolution): press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `+` at the same time.
- Reduce the content on the screen (increase the resolution): Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `-` at the same time.
- Reset resolution: Press `Ctrl` + `Shift` + `0` at the same time.

Tip: If you are on a touch screen, you can use two fingers to lightly touch and hold an area, then spread two fingers (zoom in) or pinch two fingers (zoom out).

## Enlarge the entire screen

To quickly zoom in on the entire screen, please press `Ctrl` + `❖ / ⌘` + `m` at the same time, or follow the steps below.

1. Click the time in the lower right corner or press `Alt` + `Shift` + `s` at the same time.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Accessibility" option, click "Manage Accessibility".
5. Under the "Monitor" option, turn on "Enable Full Screen Magnifier".
6. To select the zoom level, click the down arrow next to "Zoom Level of Full Screen Magnifier".
Tip: If you are on a touch screen, use two fingers to move on the screen after zooming in.

## Enlarge part of the screen

The enlarged area will be displayed in the top third of the screen, and the default screen will be displayed below. To quickly zoom in on the top screen, please press `Ctrl` + `❖ / ⌘` + `d` at the same time, or follow the steps below.

1. Click the time in the lower right corner or press `Alt` + `Shift` + `s` at the same time.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Accessibility" option, click "Manage Accessibility".
5. Under the "Display" option, turn on "Enable docked magnifying glass".
6. To select the zoom level, click the down arrow next to "Zoom level of docked magnifying glass."

When you enter something at the bottom of the screen, the top of the screen will enlarge the content you entered.

## Change the zoom level or move

- Increase the magnification: Press `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `Brightness Up / F7` at the same time. You can also press `Ctrl` + `Alt` at the same time, and then use two fingers to scroll up.
- Decrease the magnification: Press `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `Decrease brightness key / F6` at the same time. You can also press `Ctrl` + `Alt` at the same time, and then use two fingers to scroll down.
- Move the enlarged view: move the cursor in either direction. You can also press the `Tab` key to move between the items displayed on the screen.
