---
title: Install Android apps
help_section:
  - Managing your apps
  - Install apps and extensions
weight: 4
type: Document
permalink: /help/apps/install/android/
lang: en
---

At present, the Android subsystem and related functions of FydeOS can only be adapted to Intel series graphics cards. Therefore, not all hardware devices can use the Android subsystem after installing FydeOS. Please note.

## Download Android App

1. Open "FydeOS Android" and confirm to start the Android environment after agreeing to the relevant agreement.
2. Under the "Security" option in the setting interface that appears, open "Allow installation of apps from unknown sources".
3. Open the "FydeOS App Store" to search and download the Android app you need. If there is no "FydeOS App Store" in the version you are using, you can also download and install it through the third-party Android App Store.

## Update Android App

If you see a notification saying "Available updates" in the lower right corner of the screen, select Update or Update all.

If you don’t see the notification, you can also update the application by following the corresponding steps in the FydeOS App Store.

## Change permissions

After installing the Android application, you can control which functions or information the application can use (ie the permissions that the application has). In the "FydeOS Android" application, you can see all the permissions and settings that you can modify. For example, if you want to enable or cancel sharing location information, you can follow the steps below:
1. Open "FydeOS Android".
2. Under the "Personal" option, select the "Location Information" option.
3. To turn off position permission, move the switch from right to left. To turn on position permission, move the switch from left to right.
4. To turn on / off the location permission of a specific application, select the application and then select "Permissions". Next, click the "Location Information" switch.
