---
title: Change website permissions
help_section:
  - Managing your apps
  - Web browsing
weight: 8
type: Document
permalink: /help/apps/web/permission/
lang: en
---

You can control what the website shows to you and the information that the website can use when you browse the web.

## Change settings for all websites

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Select the "Settings" icon.
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Privacy Settings and Security" option, click "Content Settings".
5. Click the permission you need to change.

## Change settings for a specific website

You can grant permissions or block permissions for specific websites. The website will use its own settings instead of the default settings.

1. Open the Chromium browser.
2. Visit a website.
3. Click the displayed icon on the left side of the web address: "lock" icon, "information" icon or "danger" icon.
4. Click "Site Settings".
5. Change permission settings. The system will automatically save your changes.

## Permissions that can be changed

- Cookies: Cookies are files created by visited websites. Cookies save you browsing information to make your online experience easier.
- Pictures: By default, the system allows pictures to be displayed.
- JavaScript: JavaScript helps improve the interactivity of the website.
- Handler: The browser allows external applications and network services to open specific links. For example, some links can open programs like iTunes. If you set a default operation for a certain type of link, but want to delete the operation, please clear the browsing data and select "Cookie and other website data".
- Flash: With the help of Adobe Flash plug-in, you can listen to and watch audio and video content. By default, when visiting a webpage that uses Flash, the browser will ask if you want to run Flash.
- Pop-up windows: By default, browsers will block pop-up windows to prevent them from automatically displaying.
- Advertisement: You can choose whether you want to see advertisements on websites with intrusive advertisements.
- Location information: By default, the browser will ask you whether to allow a website to view your exact location information.
- Notifications: Some websites may display notifications on your computer desktop. By default, the browser will ask you whether to allow a website to display notifications.
- Microphone: Some websites may request to use your camera and microphone.
- Camera: Some websites may request to use your camera and microphone.
- Plug-ins that are not blocked by sandbox access: Some websites require plug-ins to allow you to perform operations such as watching videos online or installing software. By default, the browser will ask you whether to allow plugins for a website to bypass the sandbox and access your computer.
- Automatic download: If you want to download multiple files from a website, please choose whether to download these files automatically.
- MIDI devices: Some websites want to use system proprietary (SysEx) messages to gain full access to MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) devices.
- USB device: You can connect the website to a USB device so that the website can control and record the information in the device.
- Background synchronization: If your computer suddenly disconnects from the Internet while performing a task, some websites can complete the task after the computer is back online. Even if you leave the site, the device will synchronize in the background.
- Zoom level: You can set the zoom level of a specific website.
- PDF document: By default, the browser will directly open the PDF file. To download (rather than open) PDF files, start downloading PDF files instead of opening them automatically.
- Protected content: Choose to have the browser play protected content.
