---
title: Could not load webpage
help_section: Device support
weight: 2
type: Document
permalink: /help/device-support/webpage-not-available/
lang: en
---

When you see the message "This page cannot be displayed", it means that the browser cannot find the page you are trying to visit, so the related page cannot be loaded. To resolve this issue, try the following steps.

## Check URL

If you see `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED` or `ERR_CONNECTION_REFUSED` message in your browser window, please try the following steps:
1. Check the URL in the address bar to make sure you are visiting the correct URL.
2. If you confirm that the URL you visit is accurate, please try to open the same webpage on another computer connected to the same network.
3. If you cannot access the web page on any computer, please check whether you are connected to the Internet. If you are connected to the Internet, there may be a problem with the webpage.

## Delete your cookies

Cookies are files created by websites you have visited and are used to store browsing information, such as your website's personal information or preferences. Sometimes, a damaged cookie file may also cause this type of error. To delete your cookies:

1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
3. Click "Advanced" at the bottom.
4. Under the "Privacy Settings and Security" option, select "Content Settings".
5. Select "Cookie" - "View All Cookies and Website Data" - "Delete All" - "Clear All" in turn.

## Change your proxy settings

If the browser takes a long time to load web pages or search results, then the browser may use a web proxy. If you see `Resolving proxy` or `ERR_PROXY_CONNECTION_FAILED` message in the browser window, you can change your proxy settings.
1. Select the time in the lower right corner.
2. Click the "Settings" icon.
3. Under the "Network" option, select the network you are currently using.
4. Select the name of the network again.
6. Select the agent.
7. Change your proxy settings.

Changing the proxy settings may disconnect the network connection. If you are not sure which settings to use, please contact your network administrator. In addition, proxies that require authentication are not available for FydeOS.
