---
date: 2018-08-19
title: Linux (beta) Daily Use Guide
categories:
  - tips
  - crostini
type: Document
permalink: /recipes/getting-started-with-linux-beta/
redirect_from:
  - /使用技巧/crostini/Linux-测试版-日常使用指南/
lang: en
---
This document is intended to help users of Linux (beta). In this document, the operating environment is the default Debian Stable container.

## 1. Set the time zone

```bash
sudo dpkg-reconfigure tzdata
```
Use the up and down keys to find your time zone and then press the Enter key.

## 2. Change the software source

The Linux (beta) environment carried after FydeOS v4.5 has modified the default source to be Alibaba Cloud Mirror. However, the earlier version of Debian uses the official software source by default, the download speed is slow, and the experience is not good, so it can be changed to a domestic mirror as needed.

 - Install the easy-to-use gedit editing tool
```bash
sudo apt install gedit -y
```
 - Use ngedit editing tool to modify software source
```bash
sudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
```
 - Insert a # symbol in front of each existing line in the file to comment
 - Start a new line and copy the address of the domestic mirror source. Here, taking the mirror source of the University of Science and Technology of China as an example, you can copy it in the browser and right-click in the gedit editing window to paste it.
```
deb http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch main non-free contrib
deb http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch-updates main non-free contrib
deb http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch-backports main non-free contrib
deb-src http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch main non-free contrib
deb-src http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch-updates main non-free contrib
deb-src http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian/ stretch-backports main non-free contrib
deb http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian-security/ stretch/updates main non-free contrib
deb-src http://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/debian-security/ stretch/updates main non-free contrib
```
 - Press Ctrl + x, type y, and press Enter to exit.
 - Type ```sudo apt update``` to update the source.


## 3. Update source, installed applications and Debain itself

```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt upgrade
sudo apt dist-upgrade
```

## 4. Deb package installation example

> In the version after FydeOS for PC v5.0 Dev, if you want to install the .deb package, just use the "File" application to move the package from the "Downloads" directory to the "Linux File" directory, double-click Package and follow the prompts to continue. However, the earlier version of FydeOS does not support this installation method, so you can follow the example below

Most of the software packages can be installed using ```sudo apt install ××× ```, but some software is not in the default software source, but additional software packages with .deb as suffix are provided below. It will show how to install such software packages. Here we use WPS Office for Linux as an example.

 - First, go to [WPS Office Linux Edition official website](http://linux.wps.cn/) to download the .deb software package of the corresponding architecture. Because FydeOS for PC only supports 64-bit PCs, we chose 64bit version to download.
 - After waiting for the download to complete, start the "File" application, open the "Downloads" folder, find the package you just downloaded, copy it to the "Linux File" folder, and then open the Terminal.
 - Update source,
```bash
sudo apt update
```
 - For convenience, here we first install the Synaptic package manager. This step only needs to be performed once. In the subsequent .deb package installation process, if this step has already been performed, you can skip it directly.
```bash
sudo apt install gdebi -y
```
 - After the installation is complete, enter
```bash
sudo gdebi <packagename> .deb
```
*_Replace "packagename" with the name of the package. And in the process, there will be a step for you to enter y to confirm, enter y and press Enter._

Wait for a moment, after the command is executed, the corresponding icon will appear in the application launcher, click to open.

## 5. Set the locale of this container to Chinese

 - Install Chinese fonts, take Wenquanyi Micron Black and Wenquanyi Positive Black fonts as examples,
```bash
sudo apt install fonts-wqy-microhei fonts-wqy-zenhei
```
 - Change system locale
Type ```sudo dpkg-reconfigure locales```

Then it will pop up the graphical selection menu, press the ```Page Down``` key several times to the end, find "zh_CN.UTF-8 UTF-8", press the space bar to select, and press the Enter key to enter the next menu, Then move the cursor to "zh_CN.UTF-8" and press Enter.

 - [Restart Termina VM](/recipes/setting-up-linux-beta/#5-其他提示).


## 6. Where to go for help

 - Post to [FydeOS Chinese Community](https://community.fydeos.com/) for help: please attach the problems encountered and related information so that our developers and enthusiasts can provide better help.

 - Visit [/r/crostini](https://www.reddit.com/r/crostini) (in English) for inspiration. The most comprehensive discussion and information summary about the Chrome OS Crostini project.
