---
date: 2018-08-19
title: Linux (beta) setup guide
categories:
  - 使用技巧
  - crostini
type: Document
permalink: /recipes/setting-up-linux-beta/
redirect_from:
  - /使用技巧/crostini/Linux-测试版-设置向导/
lang: en
---

## 1. What is Linux (beta)

You can find the official project documentation at [here](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/containers_and_vms.md), the following is a brief summary:

> Linux (beta) refers to tools that make Linux applications easy to use and well integrated on Chrome OS. It is mainly reflected in providing you with a container-based terminal, you can use it to easily install any developer tools you want.

## 2. Enable Linux (beta)

 - Enter the "Settings" interface
 - Scroll to the bottom and find "Linux (beta)"
 - Click "Enable"
 - Find "Terminal" in the application launcher and click the icon to open the terminal.

Now, we have a virtual machine called Termina that is hosted by FydeOS and runs on Debian Stable containers.

## 3. Getting started with Linux (beta)

If you are a newbie to Linux operating system or command line, etc .:

 - Don't be discouraged! Although there are many things to learn, there are plenty of online guides to help, and getting started is very simple.
 - Try to get familiar with how to update the system in the container and install the application according to the method described in [Linux (beta) Daily Use Guide](/en/recipes/getting-started-with-linux-beta/).
 - Use the search engine to find other content, because the default container is based on Debian, so you can type "how to install ××× on Debian" on the search engine, and replace "×××" with the name of the software you want to install That's it.

Of course, if you encounter some problems specific to Linux (beta) in use, you can go to [Chinese Community](https://community.fydeos.com/) for help

Currently in Linux (beta), the graphics acceleration function is still in the testing stage, so running large games in Linux (beta) may not achieve the desired results.

## 4. How to restore Linux (beta) to the default state

When you use Linux (beta) for the first time, you will inevitably encounter some unsolvable problems. Here are a few ways to restore Linux (beta) to its default state.

__Please note that these methods are destructive, they will clear any data you store in Linux (beta), including but not limited to applications, download files or other user data. Please refer to [Other Tips](#5-other-tips) below to backup your important files before restoring Linux (Beta) to the default state.__

#### 4.1 Disable Linux (beta)

 - Enter the "Settings" interface
 - Scroll to the bottom and find "Linux (beta)"
 - Click the arrow to the right of the option
 - Click "Delete Linux (beta) files on your FydeOS device"
 - Click "Uninstall" in the pop-up dialog

After a while, Linux (beta) should have been deactivated.

#### 4.2 Remove Termina VM using Crosh command line

This method can be used when 4.1 does not work.

 - Refer to [this tutorial](/getting-started/shell-access/) to enter Crosh Shell.
 - Delete Termina VM according to the following command
```bash
vmc stop termina
vmc destroy termina
```
 - At this time, close the Crosh Shell page, find "Terminal" in the application launcher, click the icon and wait for about 10-15 minutes. At most half an hour, the terminal will open.

At this point, the container in the system is already the default.

#### 4.3 Powerwash

The most destructive method will cause all your data on this FydeOS device to be erased, only when the first two methods have no effect.

 - Please refer to [this document](/en/recipes/powerwash/) to perform Powerwash operation.


## 5. Other tips

 - When something does not work, please try to shut down and reopen the Termina VM (also called restart). Please refer to [this tutorial](/getting-started/shell-access/) to enter Crosh Shell, and then restart Termina VM according to the following command
```
vmc stop termina
vmc start termina
```
 - You can create more containers and virtual machines. The recommended method is to create a VM with multiple containers. This provides a good mechanism to set up the container to place the IDE and development tools, and then provide another container to place the development target, such as the container running the LAMP stack of the Node.js server. You can then maintain and rebuild each container without affecting another container.
 - Understand and be familiar with vmc, lxc and lxd comamnds and tools, and create containers using the run_container.sh shell script accessible from the Termina VM console.
 - Learn how to use snapshot tool and how to backup / restore containers.

## 6. References

[/r/crostini/crostini-setup-guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/Crostini/wiki/getstarted/crostini-setup-guide)
