---
date: 2019-07-10
title: Expand the capacity of FydeOS booted on a mobile storage device
categories:
  - tips
type: Document
permalink: /recipes/expand-stateful-partition/
lang: en
---


When booting FydeOS from a mobile storage device connected to the device via USB, if the system determines that the device you are using meets the "pluggable mobile storage device", by default, it will automatically execute a capacity expansion script to automatically set the `stateful` partition expand to fill the entire disk. However, there are some mobile storage devices that are not considered "pluggable" by the system at the firmware level (such as some models of mobile hard disks). Automatic expansion operation. If necessary, you can manually execute the script to complete the following steps.


> Attention! The operations described below may cause irreversible loss of data on the hard disk. This function is still in the testing stage. We cannot be responsible for potential data loss and various problems that may occur during installation or provide timely technical support. Please think twice! In addition, this tutorial assumes that you are not new to Linux command line operations and have the most basic operating skills. If you find the following content difficult to understand, please seek the help of friends around you or go to [FydeOS Chinese Community](https://community.fydeos.com/) for help.


## 0. Boot and start FydeOS for PC via USB

Please refer to [this tutorial](https://fydeos.com/instructions-pc/) to make a FydeOS for PC that can be booted and successfully boot into the graphical interface of FydeOS on the target PC.

## 1. Enter the terminal

After the FydeOS for PC graphical interface appears, please press the `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `F2` key on the keyboard (on some computers, such as Apple Mac, you need to press `Fn` + `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `F2`, then the system will automatically switch to TTY command line mode. If necessary, press `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `F1` (or `Fn` + `Ctrl` + `Alt` + `F1`) Return to the graphical interface mode.

## 2. Log in to the system

FydeOS will prompt you to enter your username and password in command line mode. Please log in with the username `chronos`. By default, FydeOS for PC has no password.

## 3. Confirm the target disk

Enter the command `lsblk` to get the list of currently loaded physical disks. Normally, the physical disk devices recognized by the system will be displayed in the form of `sdX`, `mmcblkX`, and `nvmeX`. According to the suggested disk space and the number of partitions (FydeOS has 12 partitions), please determine the disk where FydeOS is currently running, such as `sda`. The following command will take `sda` as an example.

## 4. Run the expansion script

input the command:

```
sudo expand-partition.sh --dst /dev/sda1
```

## 5. After the script runs

Confirm that the output of the running status of the script has no obvious errors, and the expansion operation is completed.
